Fix/functional programming challange (#38516)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/functional-programming/pass-arguments-to-avoid-external-dependence-in-a-function.english.md

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>
Let's update the <code>incrementer</code> function to clearly declare its dependencies.

> Write the <code>incrementer</code> function so it takes an argument, and then return a result after increases the value by one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write the <code>incrementer</code> function so it takes an argument, and then returns a result after increasing the value by one.
```
Minor grammar nitpicks.

Author: @ojeytonwilliams update Pr after eliminating grammatical mistakes. Please have a look thanks.
